Two ways to connect to a database
1. regular connection
	There is no timeout to close the connection. So, if a servlet crashes, then the 
	connection will not be closed.
	Also, there is no connection pooling.
	
	When a dynamic web page needs to access the database and uses a connection without 
	connection pooling.
	
	It opens a connection to the database and closes the connection once it is done.
	The connection is opened and closed in the doGet or doPost method itself.
	If there are multiple request at the same time, then multiple connections to the 
	database will be opened one each by the doGet/doPost methods in the threads in the
	 pool of threads servicing requests. 
	
	The database connection should not be opened in the init() method.  What happens then
	is that only one connection is opened for the servlet and when multiple request are 
	made at the same time, the separate threads in the thread pool servicing requests 
	may be refused when they attempt to get the single connection to the database as
	 it may be in use already.
2. JNDI data source - 
	Uses connection pooling. 
	When database access is required, an existing connection from the pool is used and 
	a new connection is opened only when there are no available connection in the 
	connection pool. 
	After a connection is used, the connection is not closed but added to the pool of
	 connections for reuse. The connection times out after some idle time. So, if the 
	 traffic reduces, the number of connections in the connection pool will reduce I suppose.
	 	
	Connection Pooling reduces the average time for a database connection to be	established.
	 It is also much less resource intensive.
	
	Changes have to be made in the web.xml of the application and context.xml of the Server.
	
	
	The connection pool is created/configured in the init method. It needs some cryptic code.
		
	Another fun fact is that a connection pool is application independent. 
	The connection pool is shared across applications.
	
	Finally in the doGet/doPost method, you do ds.getConnection() whihc gets a connection 
	from the connection pool. if no connection is available in the connection pool then,
	 a new connection is created.
	
	
	

	
	
